Added English translation for badge implementation guide (#8224)
omegaup/omegaup: frontend/www/docs/Guide-for-Badge-Implementation-in-omegaUp.md

Implementing a badge is quite simple, just follow these steps:

1. Create an alias for the badge. This alias must be unique and must not exceed 32 characters.

2. Create a folder in [`/frontend/badges/`](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/frontend/badges), with a name matching the alias of the badge to be implemented. From now on, this folder will be referred to as `badgeFolder`.

3. If the badge has a custom icon, the `SVG` file should be added to `badgeFolder`, named `icon.svg`.

> 4. Create a file called `query.sql` in `badgeFolder`. This file must contain the `SQL (MySQL)` statement that SELECTs the `user_id`s of users who should receive the proposed badge. To follow this logic, it's necessary to understand the [omegaUp database schema](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/blob/master/frontend/database/schema.sql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a file called `query.sql` in `badgeFolder`. This file must contain the `SQL (MySQL)` statement that selects the `user_id`s of users who should receive the proposed badge. To follow this logic, it's necessary to understand the [omegaUp database schema](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/blob/master/frontend/database/schema.sql).
```

5. Create the [`localizations.json`](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/blob/master/frontend/badges/legacyUser/localizations.json) file inside `badgeFolder`. This must contain the translations of the badge's name and description in Spanish (es), English (en), and Portuguese (pt). Remember that the maximum length for a badge name is **50 characters**.

> 6. For the translations to be loaded from localizations.json into the corresponding files, you need to run the script: `./stuff/lint.sh`.

Reviewer: Un poquito mas fluido
```suggestion
6. To load the translations from `localizations.json` into the corresponding files, you need to run the script: `./stuff/lint.sh`.
```

7. A `test.json` file must be created inside `badgeFolder`. This will specify through the `testType` field how the badge's unit tests will be executed:

   - `"testType": "apicall"` Consists of using the controller APIs to create relevant data (problems, users, contests, runs, etc). To do this, create an "actions" field with an array of all actions to be executed, which can be:

        - `changeTime`: allows modifying the system date.
        - `apicalls`: allows calling a specific API, also setting the username and password of the calling user and the parameters to be passed. The APIs are all those public static functions with the api prefix within each of the controllers located in [this folder](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/frontend/server/controllers).

>         - `scripts`: allows executing an omegaUp cron script (`aggregateFeedback`, `assignBadges`, `updateUserRank`). These scripts are located in [this folder](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/stuff/cron).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `scripts`: allows executing an omegaUp cron script (`aggregate_feedback.py`, `assign_badges.py`, `update_ranks.py`). These scripts are located in [this folder](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/stuff/cron).
```

        In this type of test, you must add an `expectedResults` field at the end, which should contain the usernames of those users who will receive the badge.

        Example:

      - https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/blob/master/frontend/badges/coderOfTheMonth/test.json

>    - `"testType": "phpunit"` Consists of creating a unit test with filename equal to `badge alias + "Test.php"`. This file should be saved in the [badges test folder](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/frontend/tests/badges) and should follow the classic structure of unit tests already implemented in omegaUp, it can even make use of [factories](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/frontend/tests/factories).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
   - `"testType": "phpunit"` Consists of creating a unit test with filename equal to `badge alias + "Test.php"`. This file should be saved in the [badges test folder](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/frontend/tests/badges) and should follow the classic structure of unit tests already implemented in omegaUp, it can even make use of the available [factories](https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/tree/master/frontend/tests/factories).
```
